Header, etc. explain later.
All of the following will be illuminated with happy client testimonials:
New company, old hats
Not our first rodeo.
Resolution Digital Type and Image has been around for over 20 years, gathering loyal and delighted clients solely through word of mouth. Resolution succeeded where others failed by providing outstanding service and a real partnership with its clients. Resolution Athens formed at the beginning of summer, 2016 and seeks to build upon this legacy.
Everyone at Resolution brings 15 to 30 years of experience to the table. Our principals have a combined 75 years experience in graphic design, brand strategy, UX design, marketing design and business development. We know this stuff.
We’re proud of our history and excited about our future.
Resolution may be new but it has a history. Big Honcho Taylor Little thought big and founded Resolution Digital Type and Image in 1993 as Athens, Georgia’s first service bureau and design firm. 23 years and numerous awards later, Taylor thought big again (as Big Honchos are wont to do) and partnered with Ian Kennedy and Jennifer Davidson to reimagine and rebirth Resolution Digital Type and Image as Resolution Athens, a new company for design, branding and strategy development. In summer 2016 Resolution recruited Daniel Fell to round out the team.
We are excited to use our experience to bring a new perspective to branding and strategy: Client centered, results-driven, user-centric, community sensitive, and forward thinking.
Our principals
Taylor Little Founder, The Dude, Creative
Ian Kennedy Strategy, UX Design, Lead Developer
Jennifer Davidson Business Development, Account Management
Daniel Fell Art Director, Marketing Design
[add bios from deck]
Because we are client-centered
No one will ever love you the we love you.
That’s a big, sweet promise, if a little scary. Let’s explain this. Resolution selectively and discerningly partners with clients we are proud to work with - the kind of folks we want to see succeed and grow. Because we feel that way, we do everything we can to make that happen.
We’ve had experience with much larger, “respectable” firms that phoned it in, assigned projects to the B team, and frankly cared more about their clients’ wallets than their projects. We are here because we reject all of that.
We love what we do, and we love the people we do it for.
Resolution is a small firm, a new one, and we get intimate.
Resolution combines our big firm experience with small firm attentiveness. We work iteratively with you to help you define an effective voice which resonates with your audience. The beauty of our agile design process means that you get to watch as your project takes shape. We don’t go dark while you wait patiently then reappear with unapproved designs.
Let’s do this
We are ready to roll, my friends.
There’s not much that’s too big for us to handle. Again, we’ve been doing this for a long time and can handle projects of big firm scope with grace and aplomb. We’re also equipped to scale with an extensive network of trusted partners experienced in everything from video editing to developing online marketplaces.
How do we do this?
Very carefully, very skillfully.
Our principals have worked with and for some of the oldest and largest agencies in the world. They used that time to cull the best and most effective of their processes.   to create our own One True Process.
We can’t give away the full recipe until we’re hired, but at its base it consists of two parts discovery to one part research, one part user stories, one part design thinking, and three parts magic. We infuse this with our own secret blend of herbs and spices and the result is always that your project is delivered on time, on budget and destined to yield measurable results.

We did this
Nothing succeeds like success
[add short case studies: problem, solution, results]
Nuci’s Space
SORBA Atlanta [will be replaced with G. Allman]
ARMC

Testimonials
“I’ve worked with Resolution for ten years. Result? A decade of excellent service!”
Debra Harden
Georgia School Superintendents Association

“Over the past three years, Taylor has helped the Athens Regional Foundation create a new identity.  We have found him to be creative, willing to incorporate our ideas and suggestions, meet our deadlines, and design pieces that are very effective in telling our story.  To sum it up, we love working with Taylor!”
Tammy Gilland
Vice President
Athens Regional Foundation

“We absolutely love working with Resolution and are 110% happy with the quality design work they've been providing us for many years!”
Dawn Bernstein Burch
Marketing Director
Keba Sandwiches
Locos Franchise Company

“Resolution has been an amazing and talented partner for 7+ years. VeinInnovations' brand has been built and maintained through work with Resolution. Taylor is a pleasure to do business with and we value the relationship deeply.”
Shelby Gutenberger, Director of Business Development
VEININNOVATIONS

“It is always a pleasure to work with Taylor Little at Resolution.  He pays attention to detail and produces great work.  He is kind and patient and works with you until your project is just right.  Though we've never met face-to-face, I feel like I've gotten to know Taylor well through our correspondence.  He's a skilled graphic designer who I would recommend to anyone.”
Abby Bryant, Marketing & PR Coordinator, First American Bank & Trust

"I absolutely ADORE working with Taylor for our graphic design needs. The work he produces is always exactly what we have in mind (if not even better than we imagined), and he manages to do so with sometimes very little direction from us. He pays close attention to the small details and does his research to make sure we get the best product. Taylor has been my hero more times than I can count, and I recommend him to everyone!"
Misty B. Canup
Advertising and Publications Associate
Athens Regional Health System

“We couldn’t have been happier working with everyone at Resolution. Trusting a group of strangers with your vision, regardless of the high quality of their portfolio, is always difficult. However, Ian and the Resolution team earned our respect during the first meeting by arriving well-prepared and actively listening to our story. It was the second meeting, when they transformed our vision into something tangible, that they had us hooked. The presentation they prepared for us was carefully thought-out, every detail was attended to and expectations for everyone involved were clearly defined. As the project moved forward, communication with the Resolution team was impeccable. Resolution delivered our project on time and exceeded our very high expectations with their passion and quality of work. Thank you so much!”
Bob Sleppy
Executive Director
Nuçi’s Space

“Resolution anticipated our needs at every stage and helped us discover things we didn’t know we needed. The intermittent approval stages meant that we knew that we were going to get exactly what we wanted. The result speaks for itself: a wonderfully functional site with a great design.”
Brett Davidson
President
SORBA Atlanta
